properties lavender essential oil
health benefits benefits of
lavender essential oil for health
includes in its ability to eliminate
nerve tension relieve pain on
Scalp and disinfect the skin
improve blood circulation and
treatment of respiratory problems
lavender has the Latin name
I will wash what it means to wash because of
its aroma that gives the sensation of an aroma
clean the lavender oil is extracted
mainly of lavender flowers
plant mainly through the
steam distillation the flowers of
lavender are fragrant in nature and
they have been used to make populis
for years essential oil uses
lavender lavender essential oil
It has also been traditionally used
in the manufacture of perfumes the oil
It is very useful in aromatherapy and many
aromatic preparations are made with
lavender oil blends oil
lavender and with many other oils
essentials including cedar wood
pine sage geranium and it is not
nowadays lavender essential oil is
used in various forms including
Aromatherapy gel oil is the
infusion lotion and soap is pure buy
Lavender oil oil properties
lavender essential the benefits of
health of various essential oil
lavender include nervous system
lavender essential oil has a smell
relaxing that makes it an excellent
tonic for the nerves therefore
help in the treatment of migraines
depression anxiety headaches
nervous tension and emotional stress
the refreshing aroma eliminates the
nervous exhaustion and restlessness and
increases mental activity sleep
lavender essential oil induces sleep
and therefore it is a remedy that
often recommended for insomnia
lavender pain relief essential oil
It is also an excellent remedy for
different types of pain including
caused by pain in the muscles the
muscles tense muscle pains
rheumatism
and back pain and habitual low back pain
massage with lavender oil
provides pain relief in the
lavender urine flow joints
essential oil is good for the cure of
urinary disorders since it stimulates
urine production helps restore
hormonal balance and reduces the
cystitis or inflammation of the bladder
urinary also reduces cramping
associated with respiratory disorders
the lavender oil is used
extensively to treat several
respiratory problems like infections
throat cough cold flu
asthma congestion nasal bronchitis cough
laryngitis and tonsillitis whooping
oil is used in the form of steam or
applied on the skin of the neck chest
and back is also added in many
Vaporizers to inhalers used
For cold and cough skin care
the health benefits of oil
of lavender for the skin can be attributed
to its antiseptic and antiseptic properties
mushrooms
It is used to treat various
disorders such as skin acne
wrinkles psoriasis and other
inflammations heals wounds cuts
burns and sunburn with
quickly since it helps in the formation of
scar tissue lavender oil
is added to chamomile for
eczema treatment care of the
lavender hair essential oil is useful
for the hair since it can be very
effective in the eggs of lice and
lice or nits circulation of the
blood lavender essential oil too
It is a good natural remedy to improve
blood circulation because
reduces blood pressure is used
for the treatment of hypertension
digestion lavender oil is a
useful remedy for digestion because
increases the mobility of the intestine the
oil also stimulates the production of
gastric and bile juices and so
It helps both treat and cure
indigestion stomach pain colic
flatulence vomiting and diarrhea
and the regular use of essential oil
lavender provides resistance to
diseases making the cure easier
other health benefits of
lavender essential oil include its
ability to treat leu leash
It is also a good natural remedy
against the insect bites
oil is also used to repel
the mosquitoes and moths you
you will find many repellents
mosquitoes containing oil
lavender as one of the ingredients not
forget to share